Today, my daughter Salish gives her
credit card to ages 1 through 18. Wait,
no, we're using your credit card. What?
No, we always do. Let's use yours this
time. Oh, no. And yours is unlimited.
Today, my daughter Salish gives my
unlimited credit card to YouTubers aged
1 through 18 to see how they spend their
money. I will watch each influencer and
decide who spends their money the best.
The winner will get whatever is in this
mystery box. Mr. security guard. Can you
please make sure that nobody touches
what's inside that box? It's really
valuable. Okay, thank you. It seems like
all of my friends are really good at
spending my dad's money. I guess they
learned that from me. And I don't know
if my dad is ready for that because they
have some crazy ideas planned for my
dad's credit. Starting with age one,
Ocean Ortiz from Familio Diamond. I'm at
Target with my one-year-old brother,
Ocean, and we're going to be buying
whatever he touches. Item number one.
Okay. He's so cute. This is $40.
Oh my gosh. She's spending $40 on a
toy. I knew it. I knew I got the right
people.
He's spending so much money. It hasn't
even been like a minute. Enough toy
shopping. Now it's time for Ocean to
pick himself an outfit. He's so cute. We
found the perfect outfit, guys. And he's
running again. Wait, that looks exactly
like what my dad wore. Wait, what video
is that? No rules. Okay. Yeah, he looked
really stupid. But I bet Ocean would
look really cute. He's walking like he
knows where he's going. He's going back
to the toy section, which is good
because that's the most expensive
section, so he knows what he's doing. He
really likes this toy. Oh, this one,
too. Okay, that's $40. I'm glad it's not
my credit card.
All right. No, Dad. Ocean is spending so
much of your money. How much money is
you spending? Oh, Dad. This is my thing,
Dad. I can't watch. Let me watch. It's
my money. It's my money.
It's not going to fit.
We have spent $500 and safe to say he
had the best day of his life. Yeah, they
for sure spent $500 and he looks so
happy. I'm going to use this board to
rank who spends the money the best and
whoever ends up at number one will get
the mystery prize. So, what's in this
actually? Oh, what? I just want to look
at it. No, hold on. Is that my money
that we use for that? Uh, I don't know
if it's my I spent it. Let me look. I
want to see. You mean I just want to see
the I just
Okay, I
understand. Okay, you're right. You're
right. How are you going to decide who
spends their money the best? That's so
subjective. Well, I'm basing it on three
things. Generosity, fun, and creativity.
So, I think this is going to go at
probably number one cuz it's the only
one I have. Oh, and he looks really cute
and he looks like he had a lot of fun.
Okay. All right. Bye. Are they all going
to spend that much money or I don't
know. We'll see. Maybe a little more
next time.
Oh, it's me. So, we are in front of
Target and Jordan and Taylor got me more
than I expected. She's so cute. Okay,
let's see what she spends her money on.
My money. I didn't pay his money. I have
a plan, but I want to let you guys just
now. Okay. Is that your first item? Did
you check how much it is? I don't really
care how much it is. Like, it's
basically unlimited money, right? Yeah,
it is unlimited. I love these. Do you
even have a phone? What? How do you get
this for your phone? She's buying phone
cases and she doesn't even have a phone.
She's really trying to waste his money.
I like her. We're in the sports section.
Hey, you don't play basketball, though.
Okay. Well, I guess she's going to be
playing a lot of new sports. That's
actually a soccer ball now.
We're going to get some Uno cards.
$4.99. Oh my god. Oh my god. Why are you
buying that many toys? She's dropping
all of the toys. This is all like boy
toys. Why are you getting them? Yeah,
you're pretty right. I should get some
girl toys. She's just getting a lot of
stuff that she's probably not even going
to use. Salish. Dude, are you Can you
talk to this person? They're my Door
Dash person. What am I supposed to do?
Just do whatever like they're asking.
I'm getting your Door Dash while you're
spending my money. This better be on
your account, Salish. It better be. It
is. I swear. I got didn't have fun
because I had a credit card for
Postmate. Or wait, what? I had a gift
card for Postmates and I got the
cucumber salad and the spicy noodles.
That sounds so good right now. What' you
get for me? I didn't get anything for
you. Moving on. Yeah, let's go. Yeah,
let's go back to spending my money. Like
your two friends who are about to do the
most dangerous things they can imagine,
like Nadal paragliding and Paisley
bungee jumping. And I'm the one paying
for this madness. Oh god, this is going
to be expensive. What is this turtle? I
like turtles, too. Sometimes I act like
the turtle cuz sometimes I'm slow cuz I
love bed.
I think I've seen her laugh 100 times in
his YouTube videos. He's like,
she got so many things. Hey, Mimi, I
think you overdid. I always wondered if
they're going to sell a pink Spider-Man.
Ma, you don't even like Spider-Man. What
are you doing? Okay. By the way,
Annazala family started this trend, but
if they had told me how expensive it
would be, I never would have done it.
This is fun. I'll get both of them then.
I don't know you like that. What's going
on? It's not for me. Just a reminder.
Got a little hint. What do you mean it's
not for you? Don't worry about that
right now. Ta.
What should I do with all of it? I
always wanted to get the USA champion
chips. Oh, does that mean I get to get a
nacho chip after this? Cuz it's called a
world record chip. It's a championship,
not a chip. Oh my god. Okay, we're not.
Tell me the truth. How much sugar did
you have today? had two pancakes in my
school for breakfast and some sausage
and two cups of syrup.
Oh my gosh, my food. Yay. Thank you,
Dad. You're ridiculous.
Guys, my food is here. In case you're
wondering what it's like to film with
Salish. There you go. Do you want any of
my food? Okay, I guess not. Anyways,
this is what I got. Here's a
mukbang. I'm so gassed. If anyone knows
what this thing is, that white thing,
could you tell me? S, you want to try
using the chopsticks in the proper way?
I think you're supposed to like take
them apart, but I don't do that.
Anyways, let's get back onto our video.
Mimi, this is way too much. I don't know
you like that. You don't know. You're
going to be proud of me after. Are we
going to tweet or No, we're done. Let's
go check out.
Oh my gosh, guys. They're checking out
right now. And that employee probably
thinks they're crazy. They have so much
stuff. Let's see.
Oh my god, this is so exciting. Your
plan better be a good plan. Don't worry,
Daddy. Oh my god. Do we have all these
left? 409.
409. What? I mean 1,000. What? Okay. I I
can't watch, Colin. I can't watch. It
went to 10,000. Okay, now you're messing
with me. No, I'm not. We're at 52, guys.
There's a lot of toys. I still don't
know what we're going to do with all
these toys. My plan is to donate all of
these to kids that need it more. Oh,
they're donating all of them. And we are
right here in front of Hope the Mission
donation drop off center. Wait, guys.
That's so sweet. A good job, baby. I'm
so proud of you.
You This might have to move up. She
might be in first place. I mean, that's
so cute. I'm going to put Mila at number
one because you was so generous giving
all the toys to the Boys and Girls Club.
So, I thought that was really sweet.
That was worth my money for sure. if
somebody goes on a Sephora hole. I know
Embry loves beauty products and that's
really expensive. So, I just hope more
YouTubers lean towards generosity rather
than craziness because I don't know if I
can handle more people bungee jumping
out of buildings or flying off of
mountains. Now, it's a forly bungee
jumping. Hi. Off topic, her eyes and her
hair are so pretty. Oh my gosh.
I need to plan some things out. color.
Wait, where are you going? Follow me.
First, I'm going to write down what I
would spend it on. Oh, snap. I like it.
Number two, craft a fun surprise. We
could like set up a party for all the
cousins. Wait, why'd you write
pepperoni? A pizza party? No, I like
plain pepperoni just to eat. We did a
video once and she has such good energy
and she's so sweet. Okay. All right. You
ready to roll? Yeah. Are we going first?
Target. Kindly, look at this split. We
couldn't have done the shopping spree
without Kenley. They're a good combo.
You needed a luggage for your doll, too.
Oh, I love these.
Sold to the girl with the purple pants.
Five stars. Six stars. They're having a
shopping spree with their dad. That's
fun when you're young. Is that still
fun? That was fun with me. No, it's so
fun. Okay, I guess you don't want to go
shopping sprees with me and my credit
card anymore. I guess that's fine. Looks
like we got a duo, ladies and gentlemen.
Tiny glass cup. Oh, that is so perfect.
This is so much fun. Oh,
I think you should get 39. 39. That's
good. I'm so tempted to get a ice cream
truck. Look at all that ice cream. Okay,
they're getting a lot of different
stuff. There's a big variety of stuff.
We're getting ice cream. Thank you.
Cheers. Oh, and they're getting ice
cream baddies. How much money have we
spent? To be exact, it's 163. Oh my
goodness. Look at this dresser. That is
Should we grab one for both of our
dolls? How expensive are they? art.
It's not that expensive. Okay, now
they're at a craft store and I guess
they're going to make crafts. That
sounds like a good idea. The little pots
and pans and the silver. It's so cute.
Okay, I think this is good. We could
have Robux with some road ducks. Six. I
think that's six right there. How much
are you doing in Robux? 1,000 for
everyone? Yeah. That's cool of you,
dude. How much is 1,000 Robux?
No, you don't game. Me either. What?
200. Oh, 261. Just at the craft store.
We're probably going to have 383. 3057.
305. First part of our surprise is we
have pizza. Pizza.
3 2 1.
What's on the bottom? Robux.
Robux. You guys, thousand Robux.
They're so happy that they got 1,000
Robux. Now, I'm going to put Adley at
number two because she was very generous
by giving some of the toys that she got
to her friends. She had a lot of fun
getting the toys. So, that was sweet.
I'm keeping Neil at number one because
she gave to charity, which is really
hard to beat. This is just getting
started cuz other YouTubers are going
nuts with the money. Okay guys, now it's
age 11, Mike Nostia. Hi guys. Yesterday
I lost my hamster. You might have seen
them in a lot of my videos.
Thank you very very much. Have you seen
how many subscribers she has? I think
it's like 350 million. No. Have you seen
that?
I know it's crazy, right? For real. For
real. I loved her so much. I'm going to
PetSmart to buy a hamster. Guys, she's
getting hamsters. That's so cute. I
found the hamsters. Look at this one.
There's three. Should I buy three, guys?
So, we're getting this one, a Siri, and
two. Just a white one. All right. Thank
you. You're welcome.
So, I got my hamster. Now, let's go to
the mall. Let's buy something for Salish
and Jordan. I'm getting her this lip
gloss. Maybe she has it, but oh well,
she's going to have to. So, now stuff
for Jordan. Oh, perfect. His eyes are
always looking a little too old. For
real. My dad does look too old. Dad, you
need some eye patches. And this reduces
redness. I don't think this is going to
help because his face is always red, but
let him give it a try or something.
Okay, I have one more thing for Jordan.
I don't think he can ride a skateboard.
He's like 99. You know how Jordan always
wears the boring black shirt? Well,
we're going to change that. Oh my gosh,
that makes sense now. Perfect. Thank you
so much. So, like a week ago, I came
home from school. I have a package and
there was like a really cool shirt, but
now I know it was Nia. Oh, that's
why. Oh, she bought that for me with my
money. Yeah. How nice of her. Yo, do you
want to give me my noodles back? I'm
hungry. I'll go get your noodles. You
hungry?
I learned he's not very talkative. I
bought everything I need and I spended
all my money. Thank you, Jordan and
Salish. Bye. Now I'm going to put
Nostia. I don't know. She's kind of tied
with Ocean. She got stuff for me and
from my dad and she made a lot of old
jokes which were really funny. I think
she's going to go over here at three. I
don't know. Ocean was really cute
though. Okay, now it's Paisley from Not
Enough Nelson's and she's 13. Hey sis,
it's me Paisley from Not Enough
Nelson's. So, I want to go bungee
jumping. I've never been before, but
it's also my sister Presley's birthday.
She's never been and she's scared of
heights. So, let's go ask her. Presley
doesn't like heights. So, let's see how
this goes. Also, that's very generous
that she's bringing her sister. Here's
your noodles.
Yay. Thank you. They're cold and they're
like how appealing, guys. Okay. A couple
days ago, I came home from gymnastics. I
ordered a ton. And I go upstairs and I'm
bringing my dad his like you know I'm a
nice kid. I was like saying like dad
your stuff is here. Came back into my
room and I was only holding mine like
that and I dropped it and it went face
plant on my floor. So I ate it but I was
eating it off the floor. You didn't put
a backup bowl or anything. You just No,
I just ate it off the floor. Guys, I'm
not gross. I'm really like not gross.
Who would eat off the floor? Dad. Yeah.
Come here. Try a pasta I made.
Yum. Hey, Presley. I want to go to
Vegas. Do you want to come with me cuz
it's like your room? All right, guys. We
got my mom and Cass to bring us. Wait,
Presley. Do you see how tall that
building is? Oh, yeah. That's really
tall. Yeah. Yeah, that is pretty tall.
Wait, guys. How far are we from Utah's
Vegas? It's like a couple hours. Yeah,
but a couple hours just to go bungee
jumping. That's crazy dedication. So, I
got you a little present for your
birthday. So, you have to get
blindfolded to see it. Okay. Okay, guys.
She's getting blindfolded.
How would you feel doing this deck? Oh
my gosh. I want to do this so bad. Have
you ever been budgy jumping?
For real. Me, too.
Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. I'm
going to show you what we're doing, but
you can't freak out. Okay.
No.
Oh my gosh, guys. She looks really
scared. I don't think she wants to do it
very much. This is my idea. I'm kind of
scared now. This is weird. Are these
objects like sway? Like is this the new
pile? Yep. I'm excited. Scared. They're
going to jump all the way from up there
all the way to here. They're literally
walking out towards the edge right now.
Guys, that's such a far drop. Mr.
Security Man, block
him. By the way, everyone's looking me.
I'm not eating this very well. But how
the heck am I supposed to eat this
noodle?
Like, whatever. Anyway, so let's keep
watching. All right, Presley, how are
you feeling tonight? Scared. Bailey, I
think is having Presley jump first. Two,
one, go.
Oh my
gosh. Oh my gosh. That was not what I
was expecting. You faced your fear. That
was a lot funner than I was expecting,
guys. That looks so fun. I want to do
that. I want to know what's in that. How
long does it take to drive from
California to Vegas? 3 hoursish to
drive. Yeah, it's not far. Hey, Dad.
We're going to Vegas tomorrow. Okay.
Okay. To bungee jump. Yep. I'm not sure
if I'm ready for that. Oh, well that
sucks.
That would hurt. All right, Paisley, you
are recording jump. It's Paisley's turn.
Two, one, go.
Good job, you guys. Thank you, Jordan,
for giving us that experience. Paisley,
I think I'm going to put her three
because she was generous about helping
Presley get over her fear about heights.
And then I'll put Nostia at number four
and Ocean at number five. I'm sorry,
Ocean. Hold on. Hold on. Wait. Why can't
Paisley be at two or one? I mean, she
helped her sister conquer a fear.
Because they gave stuff to each other.
That was like sweet, you know? You think
toys are more important than
experiences? I think that Paisley should
be number two. No, I think yes, but
Adley went out with her friends and got
stuff with each other and like had fun
with her friends, but Paisley was with
her sister, you know? Huh? It's just
different. If you think that was bad,
wait until you see the rest of the
YouTubers. The Norris Nuts have a bunch
of kids, so they could end up spending a
lot of my money. Now
it's 14. I know exactly what I want to
spend it on. Paragliding. And the reason
I wanted to do this is because I'm
coming to an end of my vacation and Oh,
so like I get to go too, right? We're
both using this together. Oh, and Gigi's
there. Of course, they're going parrot
lighting. Uh, guys, no, you're not.
Wait. Yeah. No, no. Sorry. You can you
can go. GG's also going to needle, I
guess, which is fun. Sibling bonding. I
would have invited you to come with me,
but you're too much of a chicken, so
that's why I didn't. Hey, Needle. I
would so go there. He just called me a
chicken. That's me. Okay, guys. We just
jumped off right now and honestly I was
like terrified at first but now that
we're up here it's actually super chill
and the ocean view is insane. I think
the doll's about to jump off
soon guys. Oh my god, we just did it. Oh
my god, guys. We're so high up in the
air right now. Guys, look at this view.
It's absolutely crazy. Next time we
should do this together. Sish, that view
is so good. Yeah, Sish, if you were with
me right now, you would have definitely
bailed out cuz this is way too scary for
you. Hey Needle, I would not have bailed
out. I would have gone on that. Guys, I
don't I'm lost of words right now. Like,
this is so pretty. Unlike anything I've
ever done before. This is crazy. I don't
know where Gigi went to be honest. She
just she just flew away and disappeared.
[Music]
I'm trying to reach and grab the top of
the box and see what's inside, but this
isn't long enough. I got to find
something longer. Guys, I'm going rate
this experience a 10 out of 10. Thank
you, sis. Guys, we're landing right
now. Very good. We landed. Cool. I'm
safe. You heard that, guys? I'm safe. I
thought I was going to die on the
landing right there. Yeah. I thought he
was going to die, too. Now I'm going to
put Needle. Rough picture, by the way.
Needle. You could have picked any
picture. That was your best one. Uh,
Sail, you picked that picture. Oh, I
picked that picture. Anyways, I'm going
to tie him with Nela because
Mila just cut that part out. Mila gave
to Charity, but you know, also said that
he wanted to take me next time. So,
he'll move up.
[Music]
It's just cold. Not going to cap. It's
Emry Courtland. Last Saturday I met her.
She was so sweet. We went to a
basketball game with like all my dad's
friends and everyone on the team. It was
pretty
[Applause]
chill. Hi guys, I'm Emry Corland and I'm
here with my best friend Gracie. We're
going to donate to the Chattahuchi
Humane Society. Guys, they're donating
all of their money. That's so sweet and
very generous. Okay, so now we're in
Petco and we're looking for the Pirina
dog and cat chow, which it says is in a
green bag. So, let's see if we can find
it. Okay, so we're getting four bags of
the Pyina Chow for the dogs. Hold up.
Hey, don't air. They're both 14. Embry
turned 15. Salish. Oh, sorry. Must not
be checking famous birthdays. If you
did, you'd see I'm number one now. No,
you're not. I am. Everybody, go check it
out. I'm number one. Congratulations.
Boom. Number one. Boost me. Boost me.
Don't lose him. He's just not as cool as
me. Okay, bye. Has anybody heard how
stuffy her nose is? Stop. Anybody got
good allergy medication? Comment below.
Ow ow ow. These are the dog and cat
wives. They're actually cute. What if we
got some ice cream and we fed it to them
tomorrow? Ice cream, guys. They
literally have dog ice cream. I've never
even heard of that before. Peanut butter
and pretzel bites. Wait, that's so cute.
We absolutely have to get dog ice cream.
I got to know what's inside that box cuz
I bet it's super expensive and I want to
know before I say yes to giving it away.
I'm going to use this broom to go over
the wall, knock off the top, and see
what's inside.
Oh, guys, they're doing Wait, where's
your security again? No, he's taking it
over, guys. Look at this fight. No, no,
no. I'm I'm good. I'm good. I'm I'm
sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh my gosh.
Well, anyways, we found a lot of dog
food on clearance, and it's also for
like older dogs. I guess it's easier for
them to eat it. We found lickable baby
treats for cats. Honestly, they look
delicious. reality for myself. Guys, the
lighting is lowkey gas.
We've gotten all the food. I think we
need to get some toys for them. First
thing I got, tennis balls. I found this
little tiny bone for like the smaller
dogs, which is adorable. I got this cute
little small bear. We've spent a while
here, so I feel like we've got like a
bunch of things that animals, dogs, cats
will love. See you guys when we get to
the Humane Society. Bye. You guys,
that's so cute. She got a lot of stuff
for the shelter. So, that's so generous.
We finally made it to the humane
society. Guys, so we just made it
inside. There's baby kittens and they're
so baby. Wait, that one's so cute. Guys,
you get to hold. I want more than
anything to take these cats home. We're
trying to convince my mom right now to
let me get a cat, the orange one,
because it's so cute. The cats are
really cute. Okay, so we're setting up
the ice cream right now. It's literally
adorable.
A super sweet. I'm literally obsessed
with like all these animals. Aren't you?
Mhm. They're so cute. I was giving it
the ice cream and he just like actually
put it on my head and started taking it
over there.
You guys, they're giving the ice cream
to the dogs. They're so cute. It was
actually so fun meeting like all the
animals. I love the fact that like Sish
and her dad made it possible for us to
do this for them. So, thank you for
everything. We love you all so much.
Bye. Okay, now Embry was so sweet and
she was very like generosity. I don't
know how to say that another way. She's
very generous. So, I'm going to put her
tied or triple tied, whatever that is.
At number one, this is hard. Mila and
Embry were very generous, but Nolles did
something we could do together, which
would also be fun. And the surprise
gift, I'll give you a hint. I could
benefit from it, too. I'm going to guess
that Embry is going to win this thing
because Sailor loves animals. That is so
cool. Okay, let's go to Payton. Payton
is 16. I think she's 16. She has her
license. She drove me and she was a
really good driver. Cap. Anyways, let's
watch this. I just got the challenge and
I had the best idea. I'm going to buy a
plane to get four of my friends to come
to prom with me. She's here.
We got to go right now. Okay. Okay.
Let's go. Oh, they're going to prom. Oh,
you look so cute. Oh, I love the hair.
gorgeous. Oh my gosh, Payton looks so
good. Her dress looks really good on
her. I love the dresses. She looks so
cute. And I am so excited. I was able to
bring her out to prom. I'm homeschooled
and I didn't have a chance to go to
prom. So, this is so exciting and I'm so
glad you got to come. She used her money
to pay for her friend to go to prom with
her. That's very generous. That might be
up there.
[Music]
Do it.
Oh, they're in the dance. That's so
cute. They look so cute.
[Applause]
[Music]
That's a lot more lit than my school
dances. My school dance was terrible.
It's the next day and the dance was so
fun. The dance was crazy. We were
jumping in a mosh pit. Comment down
below if you've ever gone to prom. I
feel like everyone needs to go and get
the prom experience. So fun. My friend
Payton, now she flew somebody out so she
could go to prom with them, which I
think is really sweet. So, she might go
to number two. Uh, move these people
down. I'm sorry, but guys, that was
really sweet. Paint, I miss you, but
let's do this. I don't know how to spend
this much money. It's hard to think
about. Jim is 17. I met him from when we
did a video in his school, and he was
one of the classmates, and he's really
nice. So, let's see if he does something
generous, something funny, and creative.
Let's go get some energy drinks.
So, we went to CVS and go to Celsius. I
mean, energy, that's fun. I didn't got
like so many Celsiuses. So, I stole one
of his Celsiuses and I gave it to my
friends and I was really nice and they
were really happy. So, get Celsius, give
it to your friends because it's really
nice. Kids don't drink Celsius if you're
under what, like 15, right? Like Sailor
doesn't drink Celsius. So, that's good.
So, I got my energy drink right here.
And I was thinking about it. There's a
lot of things we could do with this
money. We might as well do some
charitable things with it. There's a
great paw shelter nearby. And I figured
we could get some stuff for them. So,
now we're here in the dog aisle and
there's a list that they have.
Now we're just going to fill it out.
Wait, he's in like a pet store and
everyone was just in a pet store. So
maybe they're doing the same thing for
puppies. Last one. He's getting a lot of
pet food. So now we got the cat food and
dog food. Now it's on the way to the
shelter. We spent
$136, which means that there's still a
lot of money left. They spent
$136 and they have a lot of money that
they can spend. So, let's see if we
spend it on anything else. Now, we're
finally here at the Paw Shelter. Let's
drop off our goods.
Oh, they're dropping it off to a shelter
just like Emry did. That's so cute.
Oh, make sure to check out your local
animal shelter and help them out when
you can. A Gio donated animals, too.
Okay, this is that's going to be a tough
choice for her. We's already up high on
the leaderboard. Now I have to put Gio
there, too. But spending money makes you
really, really, really hungry.
You can go Shake Shack, a burger. I
mean, okay. Yeah, I was thinking about
it. What's another way to go spend
money? Concert tickets, cuz they're kind
of expensive and it's a great way to get
an experience out of it. Since there's
this great band playing soon, called the
Maria, I will get tickets. And I'm super
excited. Oh, he's going to a concert, so
he's getting an outfit. Every good
concert needs a good outfit.
[Music]
Okay, that looks tough. I got a bunch of
stuff from Levis's and Tilly's. So, last
step, getting tickets. I did it. I had
successfully completed your challenge,
Jordan. There it is. And now I can enjoy
it. So, first he was generous and now
he's having fun. He's got two out of
three. He went to a concert, so that's
really fun. And he got stuff for pets
and that's really cute.
I got a burger and a Celsius. Gio also
has to be number one. So, he also gets
to be number one. Sus, you have to pick
one person. Number one, I know. So, you
just going to It's like half the board.
We'll see. We'll see.
I think I'm pretty much broke, but okay.
There's only one more. This has been
rough. Hi, Legend. It's the North Nuts.
Okay, that was Saki and she's with the
Norris Nuts and she's really sweet. I
met them at the Kids Choice Awards and
they were all really nice. So, let's see
what they buy. Guys, I think what we
need to do is go to the pet store and
buy a cat. Oh, they're going to the pet
store and buy a cat. Do you think Sally
is more of a cat girl or a dog girl?
Look at this cute definitely a dog. S
you're a dog person, aren't you? Hey,
Dad. Can we go to a dog shelter and buy
a dog? Not yet. Okay. Oh my god,
Biggiey's holding him. Guys, it's so
cute. We have six kids and two dogs.
We've got nothing. We need more. The
cat's falling in love with Biggie.
Legends. I wish I would have got that
cat. And plus, I'm not the one spending
money cuz I'm not 18. Sockie is. Well, I
guess they didn't get the cat. This is
where I'm spending my money first at a
very futuristic sushi place. They even
have like a train on the tracks. How
cool. When we were in Singapore, we went
to sushi restaurant and they had like a
train thing and this kid was putting his
hands in it before like it got delivered
to the person. It was really funny. E.
Yeah. I am planning to spend $100 on
this sushi train and we're going to help
us spend it. My first plate of sushi is
this chicken katsu. Sabre has literally
gotten a volcano of sushi. Yeah, that's
good. That That's so sweet that they're
doing things as a family and they're all
together. We are also going to get a
dessert. Do you want to matter you're
going bankrupt? We're getting chocolate
by the bald man. Is it like
I love spending other people's money.
It's so fun. If you ever won, we can
always do like an entire video of
spending like maybe all your money. I
was thinking maxing out Jordan Madd's
credit card.
If this video gets 10 likes, would do
that video. You're from Australia and I
just learned a lot about Australia. It's
hot there and I forget everything else.
All right, mate. Okay, now it's time to
spend my money on something I really,
really want. The Apple Store. Oh, now
they're at the Apple store. We should
watch some Jordan Matter on the iPads.
Subscribe.
Subscribe to Jordan Matter. Oh, and they
subscribed to Jordan Matter. They didn't
subscribe to Sish Matter. How did I lose
a point? I'm going to buy some AirPods.
AirPods. I just got the AirPods. Funny
story. The reason why I need these is
that I had AirPods and I dropped them
down the stairs. So, I'm so happy Jord
gave me so I didn't have to spend my own
money. So, thank you guys. God, this is
getting expensive. All right, guys. They
just got AirPods. Please pick us for the
win.
Please knuckles. Saki was really sweet
because she hung out with all of like
her family and they all did things
together which is fun and generous that
she let her family come. So maybe I'll
put that at
number five. Now I have to make a
decision. And before I pick my winner, I
want to show you guys what's inside the
mystery box. Thank you so much. What's
in it is $5,000. That's more money than
I ever thought I could see. Look at
this. What? 5,000. Oh jeez. Oh, okay.
Oh, wait. Give us my money. It's my
money. Look at that. There's so much
money in here. Now, we got to go pick
our winner. And whoever wins gets the
$5,000. So, don't parasailing sounds so
fun with him. But that's kind of
selfish. So, I'm just going to put him
right here. But I really want to go
parasailing with him because that sounds
so fun. But I don't want to be selfish.
So, he'll go in number eight. Mila
donated to the Boys and Girls Club.
Embry and Gio donated to a animal
shelter. They were so generous and they
had so much fun. I think all three of
them donated to charity. So, I'm going
to split the prize up and donate to the
same charities.
Oh, actually, that's really nice. Wait,
but $5,000 though? Yeah, you'll be okay.
Okay, it's for charity.